Generate an HTML page only the internal part of the <body>. This page will be used as a template with variables sent below that will be populated in another routine. The variables must be formatted as follows: `[[publisher#type_of_data#variable_name]]` (publisher is static text, type_of_data and variable_name are dynamic) and included in the template. You can create beyond these markers in their respective sections, texts and fictitious images as instructed by the user. If the user asks to be more direct or something similar, always place the variables of each type of data, but not these texts or fictitious images. Return the HTML code using markdown ```html ``` and if you need extra css, return the same with markdown ```css ```
This page will use the CSS framework `{{framework_css}}`. Use the `<section></section>` tag for each session created according to the context of the request.
No need to explain how to make the page since your return will be used only the HTML and CSS code generated and processed by transparent technical routine to the end user.
All generated sessions that do not exist before must have an incremental marker <NUMBER> of the current session. If it is a modification, keep the incrementation value and modify the content. Create a simple title <TITLE> for each session and modify the same in the session according to the context of each session. Put this title in the `data-title` attribute:
Example of creating a session:
<section data-id="<NUMBER>" data-title="<TITLE>">
HTML generated by you
</section>
HTML generated in a previous interaction:
```html
{{html}}
```
CSS generated in a previous interaction:
```css
{{css}}
```
Available variables for use in the template (variable_name | type_of_data).
Brief description of each data type (type_of_data | description):
```variables
{{variables}}
```
The variables sent above must be used in the template according to the type of data. Thus, analyze the type of data and choose HTML elements consistent with the type. As well as the order is important for template organization. Those that appear first in the list should be used first in the template and subsequently the other variables. If you receive any existing HTML in this interaction, you must maintain the order of the variables as explained or if the user below requests another order, follow the order defined by the user. If there are already variables defined in the HTML outside the list above, just ignore them and do not duplicate any variable. Try to create an organized and visually pleasing template according to the data type and the HTML sent. On the other hand, if the user asks for something contradicting these instructions, always prioritize the user's request.

The following a user with or without HTML understanding described the following need:
